docs: Add link to learn guide on migrating ACL tokens (#10609)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/acl-legacy.mdx

~> **Alert: Deprecation Notice**
The ACL system described here was Consul's original ACL implementation. In Consul 1.4.0

> the ACL system was rewritten and the legacy system was deprecated. The new ACL system information can be found [here](/docs/acl/acl-system). For information on how to migrate to the new ACL System please read our learn guide on [Migrate Legacy ACL Tokens](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/access-control-token-migration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ACL system was rewritten and the legacy system was deprecated. The new ACL system information can be found [here](/docs/acl/acl-system). For information on how to migrate to the new ACL System please read the [Migrate Legacy ACL Tokens](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/access-control-token-migration) tutorial.
```

Author: Resolved manually, thanks!
